Add more details to Privacy Considerations (#144)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

# Privacy Considerations

> Once a Signed Statement is inserted into the Append-only Log maintained by a Transparency Service, it cannot be removed from the Log again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a Signed Statement is inserted into the Append-only Log maintained by a Transparency Service, it cannot be removed from the Log.
```

The only way to delete the Signed Statement is to delete the entire Log and start a new one.

> Therefore, and because usually Transparency Services are publicly accessible, Issuers should treat Signed Statements that they registered (rendering them as Transparent Statements) as public.

Reviewer 2: I am not particularly clear about the connect between line 936 start and end of 934, so I recommend avoiding Therefore and because.

Author: True. Reordered and clarified.

> Therefore, and because usually Transparency Services are publicly accessible, Issuers should treat Signed Statements that they registered (rendering them as Transparent Statements) as public.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Usually Transparency Services are publicly accessible, hence Issuers should treat Signed Statements that they registered (rendering them as Transparent Statements) as public.
```

In particular, a Signed Statement Envelope and Statement payload should not carry any private information in plaintext.

Transparency Services can have an authorization policy controlling who can access the Log.

> While this can be used to limit who can read the Log, limiting it may also limit the usefulness of the system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While this can be used to limit who can read the Log, however it may also limit the usefulness of the system.
```

# Privacy Considerations

Usually Transparency Services are publicly accessible, hence Issuers should treat Signed Statements that they register (rendering them as Transparent Statements) as public.
In particular, a Signed Statement Envelope and Statement payload should not carry any private information in plaintext.

> Transparency Services can have an authorization policy controlling who can access the Log.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Transparency Services can have an authorization policy controlling who can access the Append Only Log.
```

While this can be used to limit who can read the Log, it may also limit the usefulness of the system.

Some jurisdictions have a Right to be Forgotten.
However, once a Signed Statement is inserted into the Append-only Log maintained by a Transparency Service, it cannot be removed from the Log.

> The only way to delete the Signed Statement is to delete the entire Log and start a new one.

Reviewer 3: I would remove this sentence as there are multiple ways to remediate this scenario, including redaction, which may be implementation-specific. 
While important to highlight information should be assumed public, we also want to avoid analysis paralysis of not publishing information, because it can't be recalled.
You might want to highlight detached payloads, or encryption as better ways ensure a Transparency Service is enabling verification of content, without actually containing the content.

Reviewer 3: I've removed line 941 to move the PR forward.

Author: Good point!

# Privacy Considerations

Transparency Services are often publicly accessible.
Issuers should treat Signed Statements (rendering them as Transparent Statements) as publicly accessible.
In particular, a Signed Statement Envelope and Statement payload should not carry any private information in plaintext.

Transparency Services can have an authorization policy controlling who can access the Append-only Log.
While this can be used to limit who can read the Log, it may also limit the usefulness of the system.

Some jurisdictions have a Right to be Forgotten.
However, once a Signed Statement is inserted into the Append-only Log maintained by a Transparency Service, it cannot be removed from the Log.

> The only way to delete the Signed Statement is to delete the entire Log and start a new one.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
